configure terminal
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
aironet-91(config)#hostname aironet-91
aironet-91(config)#dot11 ssid 91-welcomeToOkada
aironet-91(config-ssid)#vlan 91
Warning: Vlan 91 already mapped to SSID 91-welcomeToRivan. SSIDs with same vlan association cannot be attached to the same interface.

aironet-91(config-ssid)#authentication open
aironet-91(config-ssid)#authentication key-management wpa
aironet-91(config-ssid)#wpa-psk ascii C1sc0123
aironet-91(config-ssid)#guest-mode
aironet-91(config-ssid)#default Int Dot11Radio 0
Cannot disable station-role

Interface Dot11Radio0 set to default configuration
aironet-91(config)#default interface gigabitEthernet 0
%command not allowed, cannot remove bridge-group 1
Interface GigabitEthernet0 set to default configuration
aironet-91(config)#int dot11radio 0
aironet-91(config-if)#no shut
aironet-91(config-if)#channel 11
aironet-91(config-if)#encryption mode ciphers tkip
aironet-91(config-if)#encryption vlan 91 mode ciphers tkip
aironet-91(config-if)#ssid 91-welcomeToOkada
aironet-91(config-if)#exit
aironet-91(config)#interface dot11radio 0.91
aironet-91(config-subif)#encapsulation dot1q 91 native
aironet-91(config-subif)#bridge-group 1
aironet-91(config-subif)#exit
aironet-91(config)#end
aironet-91#